gh-99127: Allow some features of syslog to the main interpreter only (#99128)
python/cpython: Doc/library/syslog.rst

      it wasn't called prior to the call to :func:`syslog`, deferring to the syslog
      implementation to call ``openlog()``.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12
      Subinterpreters are allowed to call only if the main interpreter already called :func:`openlog`.

>       If not, it will raise :exc:`RuntimeError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This function is restricted in subinterpreters.
      (Only code that runs in multiple interpreters is affected and
      the restriction is not relevant for most users.)
      :func:`openlog` must be called in the main interpreter before :func:`syslog` may be used
      in a subinterpreter.  Otherwise it will raise :exc:`RuntimeError`.
```

      In previous versions, keyword arguments were not allowed, and *ident* was
      required.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12

>       Only the main interpreter is allowed to call. It will raise :exc:`RuntimeError`
>       if subinterpreters call :func:`openlog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This function is restricted in subinterpreters.
      (Only code that runs in multiple interpreters is affected and
      the restriction is not relevant for most users.)
      This may only be called in the main interpreter.
      It will raise :exc:`RuntimeError` if called in a subinterpreter.
```

   .. audit-event:: syslog.closelog "" syslog.closelog

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12

>       Only the main interpreter is allowed to call. It will raise :exc:`RuntimeError`
>       if subinterpreters call :func:`closelog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This function is restricted in subinterpreters.
      (Only code that runs in multiple interpreters is affected and
      the restriction is not relevant for most users.)
      This may only be called in the main interpreter.
      It will raise :exc:`RuntimeError` if called in a subinterpreter.
```
